Welcome back to Movie Recaps. Today
I will show you an adventure, sci-fi,
thriller film from 2020, titled Voyagers.
Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care.
The Earth is dying. Scientists look for a new
planet able to sustain human life and find it in
the year 2063. The planet is seen on screen,
while a woman explains that it is a planet
humans can colonize. She continues, saying that
a scouting mission to the planet should be sent.
Since the voyage there will take 86 years, the
crew of the mission will reproduce on the ship,
making the third generation on board the one
to reach the planet. The crew is genetically
engineered on Earth by combining the genes of
leading scientists. A man is seen talking about
the reasoning behind this plan, justifying
why the crew will be specifically engineered
to man the mission, consisting of children
raised and trained solely for its purpose.
The next step is assessing when they'll
be ready to go. The younger the crew is,
the longer the resources can be preserved. But,
the man - Richard, is worried that they might not
be fully equipped to deal with the complexity of
space travel on their own. Later, Richard is seen
entering a facility where the child crew is being
raised and he gets into full protective gear.
He enters the rooms where they live and when they
see him they all rejoice. Richard monitors where
they are in their education, and then tucks
Christopher, Sela and Zac into bed. Zac tells
him that he's afraid, but Richard comforts him by
telling him that he's safe. The next day, Richard
is talking to a woman in charge of the mission.
He tells her that he should go with the children,
to raise and protect them. Richard's addition
to the mission would also mean that it will be
able to launch in 4 years, instead of 7. Next,
the mission launches with Richard on the helm.
The shuttle docks with Humanitas, the ship for
the mission. They all go inside and find their
quarters. Richard takes one last look of Earth.
10 years later, the children are already adults,
as they can be seen waking and getting
ready to start their days on the ship.
The first lesson covers the fertilization
for the second generation, which will begin
in the 24th year of their lives. The
crew goes about their day like robots.
They're seen drinking a blue liquid. Christopher
and Zac are listening to classical music.
Sela walks through the ship and looks out at the
space around them. Later, she talks to Richard,
saying that the lives of the crew are
unimportant. Trying to comfort her, he shows
her pictures of his grandparents, telling her
that providing for the future is very important.
That night, Christopher can't sleep.
He listens to the sounds of the ship.
The next day, Richard and Christopher are in the
hydroponics bay checking the state of the plants,
when a message about toxicity in the water appears
on Christopher's screen. He asks Richard about it,
thinking it's some kind of chemical that
isn't being processed from their urine,
but Richard dismisses his concerns. He's
skeptical about it. So, later, he asks Zac
about the ingredient T56j. They wonder why the
information is unavailable. During the night,
the two of them go back to figure out what
it is. Christopher bypasses the firewall
and is able to find the information. The chemical
ingredient is found in the blue liquid they drink.
Zac thinks it was a digestion aid, but they
figure out that it has other effects on their
personality. It makes them dull and docile,
decreasing their desires and pleasure responses.
They're being drugged and pacified, so they don't
reproduce naturally and overpopulate the ship.
The two of them stop drinking the blue liquid.
Later, they share the information with Kai
and Julie. Along with the information
about a hidden compartment on the ship.
Later, Christopher is in a session with Richard.
He says he knows that he's been lying to them,
but only mentions the unmarked compartment, pod
23. Richard tells him that the mission must have
lied to them for a reason, that the pod might
be for the third generation. After the session,
Richard sends a message back to Earth asking if
he could share everything with the crew and be
honest with them, so they don't lose faith in
him. The message will take time to get there.
The next day, while standing in line next to
Sela, Christopher has a fantasy about her.
They eat lunch and he keeps looking at her, but
Zac approaches her telling her that she's changed.
Richard comes in and tells him not to grab her,
as per the rules. In the gym, Christopher and Zac
are seen fighting and taking it a bit too far.
The others don't understand what's happening.
The two of them start feeling the effects of not
taking the drug. They hear the ship noises and
go to an observation room where they see one of
their fellow crewmembers. The three of them talk
about what it might be, so he tells them that he
thinks it might be some kind of alien life form.
Sela and Richard are in his office and he shows
her dried plants from Earth. Zac and Christopher
hear them talking and approach the room. Zac sees
Richard touching Sela's shoulder and gets jealous.
They loose contact with Earth and Richard informs
them that their transmitter needs to be fixed.
Zac will come with him, while the
others continue with their roles.
The preparations are under way, as Zac
sees Sela and approaches her again.
She tells him about the suit he'll be wearing
and he starts touching her inappropriately.
Richard runs in and gets him off of her. He asks
Zac what's happening, but he runs away. Looking
for him, Richard sees Phoebe on the way and
she tells him that he stopped taking the blue.
Next, he runs into Christopher and finds
out that he stopped taking the drug as well.
They argue, but Richard tells him that the
drug was implemented to stop precisely the
type of behavior witnessed in Zac. He asks
Christopher to help him fix the transmitter,
so that when it's online he'll back him up when
he voices his objections to mission control.
All of the other crewmembers are on their
positions in the ship, while prep for the
spacewalk is under way. Zac enters the systems
room. Richard and Christopher go outside the ship.
Christopher is experiencing sensations he hasn't
felt before, so Richard keeps an eye on him.
Richard repairs one of the transmitter
parts then goes over the the second one.
Inside the ship, the noises from the ship can
be heard again and the crew is getting restless.
They check to see if anything else is outside and
suddenly something appears on the screen next to
Richard and Christopher. It hurts Richard, hurling
him away from the ship. The ship has some kind
of malfunction as well. No one knows what has
happened. There is a fire in the systems room.
Christopher brings Richard inside and they take
him to medical. All kinds of errors appear on
the ship, from navigation to communication. The
medical team and Sela are trying to resuscitate
Richard, but it doesn't work. Sela is the
chief medical officer and pronounces him dead.
Later, the crew has a meeting, where
they speak about what has happened.
They mention the creaking sound. One of the
crewmembers says he saw something on the
monitor when it happened, that looked like a force
jumping into Richard, like it was something alien.
Phoebe starts crying. Christopher comforts
them, saying that if they keep it together
they'll be alright. The systems reboot and the
crew is checking the surveillance archive, but
all of the footage has been deleted by the fire in
the systems room. They need to choose a new chief
officer. Zac says that he should be chief. But
the others say that they need an election. All of
them vote and place Christopher as chief officer.
Zac is jealous, but congratulates him regardless.
First order of business is repairing the damage in
the transmitter. He gets the entire crew working
on the other repairs on the ship caused by the
fire. The surveillance system is the last thing
on the repair list, so they can see what happened
to Richard. They hope the drives are intact. Sela
goes to his office and looks through his pictures
and videos, when Christopher arrives at the door.
She tells him that she is supposed to destroy his
personal archive, even though she doesn't want
to do it. She shows him Richard's photographs
and they talk about the importance of parents.
He asks why Richard told her about his life,
thinking that they might have been more than
friends, but she explains that he was just feeling
alone. They look through his video diary, where he
explains how much he believes in the mission
and talks about how much he cares for them.
Christopher is looking for the crew and finds them
in the cantina, angry that they're not at their
posts. Zac tells him that they're repairing the
refrigerators, so they don't lose any food. But
there's a bunch of food that might go bad so he
asks him is they can have a feast, to celebrate
their new chief officer. After they eat, Kai tells
the others not to drink the blue and they all
dump it. Sela and Christopher are looking through
Richard's videos laughing and enjoying themselves.
Christopher feels increasingly more attracted to
her. Zac feels attracted to Julie, he touches her
and she touches him back. The others are looking
at them. Later, the crew can be seen play fighting
and running around the ship, having fun. They
all look through Richards personal archive.
Sela finds them in his quarters and tells
them to leave, but they don't want to.
Zac is the last to leave, telling Sela that
Richard isn't there anymore to protect her.
She goes back to the med bay, and grabs a scalpel.
Christopher is following Zac, worried he might do
something to Sela, when he finds out that she's
in the med bay and goes there before Zac can.
Zac arrives and Christopher pretends that the
two of them are making love, so he leaves. Sela
threatens him with the scalpel, not understanding
his intentions. But when he says he's there to
help her, she says he should help the rest of
the crew, because they're getting out of control.
Christopher leaves and finds Zac along the way,
telling him to stay away from Sela, when they hear
the strange crackling noise again. He follows
it around the ship, as others can hear it too.
Kai sees Julie getting close to another crewman,
so he flies into a rage and punches him off her.
They fight. Later in the cantina,
Christopher tries to get the crew to behave,
but they don't like it. Suddenly, the crewman
that Kai beat up starts hitting him with a tool.
Christopher stops him by hitting him too.
He tells everyone to get Kai and the other
one treated and then to meet at the common
room. In the meeting he tells everyone that
the fighting has to stop and the reparations
have to continue. Zac challenges him and the
others think that they shouldn't be doing the work
because they won't get to the end of the mission.
Christopher says that their grandchildren will
and that they need to support them. One of the
crewmembers says he doesn't want to work in
the systems room because the alien lives there.
He thinks Christopher brought it in when Richard
died. Phoebe suggests they repair the surveillance
system and see what happened, but Zac belittles
her and tells Christopher to shut up too.
He doesn't care about the rules anymore
and tries to get the others on his side,
saying Christopher isn't the right leader.
Zac thinks he should be the leader and tries
to convince the rest of them to become a part of
his group, which will be strong enough to fight
the alien if it's there. Many of the crew follow
him, but some of them stay on Christopher's side.
That group goes to the surveillance room to fix
the system, afraid the alien might be there.
Christopher goes in first to check. Zac and the
others roam the hallways and reach the systems
room. Him and Kai go inside the room, not knowing
Christopher has been in there too. They go deeper
inside the room to look for the alien. The ones
on the outside see something happening inside,
and Zac and Kai run out terrified, sealing the
room as they leave. Later, they tell the others
from the group that the alien attacked them.
Meanwhile, Christopher brings the surveillance
drive to Sela in the med bay. Him, her and a few
others check the footage. They find the footage
from the systems room and realize that it was Zac
and Kai that killed Richard by electrocuting him,
then lied about the alien. The group decides to
keep quiet for the moment, until they figure out
what to do. Christopher and Sela hide the drive in
her room and talk about Zac. He thinks that this
is what they're really like without the drug,
but she disagrees, saying that the two of them
are different. He says that he's worried that
the others won't care about the truth and that
maybe he doesn't care either. Sela tells him to
stay with her. They kiss and they sleep together.
In the morning, there's a knock on Sela's door.
It's Zac saying that he'll come inside, one way or
another. When she and Christopher open the door,
Zac and Kai invite them to another celebration in
the cantina. Christopher's group arrives, while
the others are already eating. Zac invites them
to get some food. When they sit down, he stands
up and proclaims himself the new chief officer.
Suddenly, Christopher stands up to, goes to a
monitor and plays the footage from the incident.
He tells the others that Zac killed
Richard and that there is no alien,
that he's been lying to them. He suggests
Zac confines himself in his room, while they
consult the program and they decide what to do.
Everyone gets upset and Zac confesses, saying he
did it to protect them, because the alien was
in Richard and Christopher brought it inside.
He convinces the others that the alien is
inside the ship, hiding in one of them.
Zac says that they need to find it and kill it,
to which they all agree. He pits them against each
other and they start fighting. They think it's the
crewman that works in the med bay and they start
chasing after him. Christopher follows suit. Kai
hits him first, then the others join, as they kick
the crewman to death. Christopher takes his group
to a secure place in the ship, while Zac's group
goes into the med bay and they arm themselves.
Christopher's group tries to figure out what to
do and some of them want to give up, saying they
can't do anything in the moment. They think they
should join Zac's group and try to detain him
later, because his group has weapons and they
don't. Sela realizes that Christopher knows
about the weapons hidden on the ship in the
secret compartment. Christopher goes to find it by
himself. He opens a compartment and crawls inside,
searching for it. When he finally finds it,
he can't open it and an alarm starts blaring,
which Julie and another crewman hear. They hear
him inside the compartments too and tell Zac
about it. Christopher gets out to get some tools
to open the compartment, but when he comes back,
the other group is already taking the compartments
apart. They open the secret compartment and find
the weapons. Kai thinks they're meant for the
third generation, but Zac says they are for them.
Two people from Christopher's group
want to join Zac and the others.
Zac asks where the rest are hiding. Sela,
Phoebe and Christopher devise a plan how
to get close to Zac. He suggests that he
should kill him, but Phoebe doesn't like it.
Sela watches them on the monitor and sees
that they're moving, coming after them.
They cut their power and arrive at the room. Sela
tells her group not to resist, as the others storm
the room and grab them. Sela stops them, as they
are dragging Christopher away, and asks to talk
privately to Zac. She says she wants to be with
him and join his group, as she walks up to him.
But he rejects her, laughing at her, when
Phoebe appears asking if they've all gone crazy.
She says they can decide not to act the way
they have. But they all tell her to shut up.
Suddenly Kai kills her to the shock of everyone,
including Zac. But he turns it around and goes
after Christopher. He and Sela escape, but
the others hunt for them throughout the ship.
They hide in a vent, but the others quickly find
which one it is. Zac shoots inside, as Julie tells
him to be careful, because he's destroying their
food supply. He sends one of his men after them
to see if he got them, but they escape again.
Suddenly, someone shoots at them, so they start
looking for weapons. Christopher finds a fire
extinguisher and as Kai comes inside the med bay,
they incapacitate him and accidentally kill
him. Zac finds them fast and shoots after them
as they run away. They get into an airlock and
Christopher tells Sela to get into a space suit.
He covers the window of the air lock. When
Zac reaches it, he shoots without hesitation.
Suddenly he's sucked inside, because the hatch
to the outside has been opened. He grabs Sela
and goes to close the hatch, fighting with
her and eventually stabbing her with a knife.
Christopher pushes him outside the hatch, but as
they fight, ends up sucked out in space himself.
Before Zac can close the hatch, Sela kicks
him out of it. She searches for Christopher,
waiting for him to come back and suddenly
sees him grabbing onto the ship. The two
of them come back inside and tell the others
that Zac is gone. They put down their weapons.
Some time later, all of the crew is having lunch
in the cantina. Sela asks Christopher how they
can make sure something like that doesn't happen
again. They listen to some of Richards recordings
again, in which he says that no matter what bad
happens on the mission, the ones that prevail
are proof that humans are worth saving. The crew
votes for a new chief again and they choose Sela.
She records a diary in which she says that they
will vote for everything from that moment on and
that they will still not go back to the blue.
The crew continues repairing the ship and work
together in peace as time goes by. Sela can be
seen pregnant and the baby is Christopher's.
The baby is born. A few years later, it can
be seen running on the ship and joining other
children. Those children grow up on the
ship, as the first generation grows old.
86 years since the start of the mission
the Humanitas can be seen floating in space
and engaging it's drive to land on the
planet. The older generations and the
younger ones look toward their
new home on the alien planet.